+++
date = "2015-08-01T12:24:21-07:00"
title = "Terms of Service"
+++

## Disclaimer

The opinions and information on this site are my own and do not
reflect the official position of my employer or any other entity
with whom I may be affiliated.

## Privacy Policy

This site does not collect cookies directly. It does normal logging
of web activity for monitoring and operational purposes; the data
collected includes, among other things, the client's IP address and
the user-agent transmitted by their browser or other device. The
site *does* use [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics),
which appears to generate and collect tracking cookies.

## Editorial Policy

I edit this site. I fix typos, I update information, and I alter
statements when I change my opinion on things. I do try very hard
to never change the links to things, however. So, for example, the
page about my simple clock website is still at [this
link](/project/today-now.html) even though the site itself has
changed from `today-now.com` to `itime.io` to `clock.fyi` and it
might even be called something else in the future. I see no reason
to have inaccurate or misleading data on the web, even in the name
of pure "historical accuracy," and thus I'll typically keep things
up to date.

Not always, however. There are some essays that I'm pretty sure
that I will regret having on the site, especially if I ever decide
to run for President. But I think it's important, in those cases,
to preserve some record of the history of my thought.

Yes, it's inconsistent. Deal with it.
